Docs: Hide cost info and add note about future cost (#97361)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/dashboards/share-dashboards-panels/shared-dashboards/index.md

Available in [Grafana Enterprise](ref:grafana-enterprise) and [Grafana Cloud](/docs/grafana-cloud).
{{< /admonition >}}

<!-- {{< docs/private-preview product="Sharing externally with specific people" >}}-->

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
Sharing externally with specific people is currently in [private preview](https://grafana.com/docs/release-life-cycle/#private-preview). Please contact support to have this feature enabled.

This feature will incur a cost once it is promoted to general availability.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

Available in [Grafana Enterprise](ref:grafana-enterprise) and [Grafana Cloud](/docs/grafana-cloud).
{{< /admonition >}}

<!-- {{< docs/private-preview product="Sharing externally with specific people" >}}-->

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
Sharing externally with specific people is currently in [private preview](https://grafana.com/docs/release-life-cycle/#private-preview). Please contact support to have this feature enabled.

This feature will incur a cost once it is promoted to general availability.

> Please contact support to have this feature enabled.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> To share a dashboard with specific external users, you can send them a link by email. Use this option when you only want to share your dashboard with specific people. When you share dashboards by email, recipients receive a one-time use link that's valid for **one hour**. Once the link is used, the viewer has access to the shared dashboard for **30 days**.

Reviewer: I would keep this part at the top, as this is describing how the feature works.

> Sharing externally with specific people is currently in [private preview](https://grafana.com/docs/release-life-cycle/#private-preview).

Reviewer: Add: 
```suggestion
Sharing externally with specific people is currently in [private preview](https://grafana.com/docs/release-life-cycle/#private-preview). Please contact support to have this feature enabled.
```

> This feature will have a cost by active users after being promoted into general availability.

Reviewer 2: Do we need to specify how the feature will be a paid feature (i.e. cost by active user) or can we just say this feature will be a paid or premium paid feature once it is released

Also will we grandfather early adopters of this to always have this functionality as free? Might be a little annoying to have a feature for free and then have to start paying for it 😬

Author: > Do we need to specify how the feature will be a paid feature (i.e. cost by active user) or can we just say this feature will be a paid or premium paid feature once it is released

I'll leave that up to @thanos-karachalios 

> Also will we grandfather early adopters of this to always have this functionality as free? Might be a little annoying to have a feature for free and then have to start paying for it 😬

We've had a note in the docs about an eventual cost for this feature since v9.5. We're just making the note be future oriented here to avoid confusion, since we're still in preview on it. But ultimately, that's outside the scope of this PR, and something you and @thanos-karachalios can discuss.

Reviewer: This added information is useful since we are communicating the status of the feature (private preview) and the incurred cost once the feature will be on GA. I would keep this as is, but in addition to the above.

> This feature will have a cost by active users after being promoted into general availability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature will incur a cost once it is promoted to general availability.
```

{{< /admonition >}}

> To share a dashboard with specific external users, you can send them a link by email. Use this option when you only want to share your dashboard with specific people. <!--When you share dashboards by email, recipients receive a one-time use link that's valid for **one hour**. Once the link is used, the viewer has access to the shared dashboard for **30 days**.-->

Author: ```suggestion
To share a dashboard with specific external users, you can send them a link by email. Use this option when you only want to share your dashboard with specific people. When you share dashboards by email, recipients receive a one-time use link that's valid for **one hour**. Once the link is used, the viewer has access to the shared dashboard for **30 days**.
```

> <!--When you share a dashboard with an email link, your organization is billed per user, regardless of how many dashboards are shared. Grafana bills monthly per user until access is revoked.-->

Reviewer 2: Are we commenting this out as it if info we will want to show once the feature is GA?

Author: Yep
